
"fusedchat_appended.json" contains "TOD + ODD" sessions while "fusedchat_prepended.json" contains "ODD + TOD sessions".

"fusedchat_appended.json" and "fusedchat_prepended.json" are both dictionaries. Each item is a dialogue. The key is the original dialogue id used in MultiWOZ. The value is another dictionary containing 2 or 4 items:
*   **turns**: A list of dialogue turns.
*   **types**: A list of types of **turns** (**types** is the same length as **turns**).
    A type can be one of the following 4:
    *   **original** - This dialogue turn is the same as the original turn in MultiWOZ.
    *   **rewritten** - This dialogue turn corresponds to an original turn in MultiWOZ. However, the turn has been rewritten in FusedChat. If the turn is in an "TOD + ODD" dialogue session (appended), it was rewritten to promote more natural dialogue flow. If the turn is in an "ODD + TOD" dialogue session (prepended), it was rewritten to model inter-mode dependency.
    *   **prepended** - Only exists in "fusedchat_prepended.json". This dialogue turn is a new ODD turn added by FusedChat.
    *   **appended** - Only exists in "fusedchat_appended.json". This dialogue turn is a new ODD turn added by FusedChat.
In the case of "fusedchat_appended.json", we also note down
    *   **num_rewritten**: How many dialogue turns have been rewritten. It could be 0. (In the case of "fusedchat_prepended.json", it is always 1, therefore we do not note it down)
    *   **num_disarded**: How many turns has been discarded from the end of the dialogue. (We heuristically discard dialogue turns that feature conversation ending patterns such as dialogue-act:thank-you and dialogue-act:goodbye)


"partition_dictionary_id_to_partition.json" is a dictionary mapping original dialogue ids used in MultiWOZ to the partitions (train/valid/test) they belong to.

"partition_dictionary_partition_to_id.json" is a dictionary mapping partitions (train/valid/test) to lists of original dialogue ids used in MultiWOZ.

prepended_lexicalized.json, appended_lexicalized.json, appended_delexicalized.json, prepended_delexicalized.json, fusedchat_lexicalized.json were generated by putting the new turns added by FusedChat into the original MultiWOZ data. They are used as direct input for get_fusedchat in util.py.

prepended_lexicalized.json, appended_lexicalized.json and fusedchat_lexicalized.json (a combination of the two) contain the lexicalized versions while prepended_delexicalized.json and appended_delexicalized.json contain the delexicalized versions.

